Describe the Form - Columns Adaptability demo (#666)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Form/ColumnsAdaptability/description.md

> The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. You can determine the number of columns in the Form in one of the following manners:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. You can determine the number of columns in the Form in one of the following ways:
```

> The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. The number of columns in the layout can be specified in one of the following manners:

Reviewer 2: Avoid passive voice whenever possible: http://documentation.internalpages.devexpress.devx/documentation-guidelines/language-guidelines/passive-voice/
```suggestion
The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. You can determine the number of columns on the Form in one of the following manners:
```

Author: I have a question about the preposition '**on** the Form'. It looks a bit weird and we usually say 'in the Form/component'. Can we discuss it?

Reviewer 2: We can. If you treat the Form as a surface where you can place something, you say "on" (like I always do). If you consider the Form more like a container, that would be more correct to say "in". This attitude can be platform-specific, and maybe everyone have used to say "in" and treat forms as containers.

Reviewer 2: If you say "in the Form" everywhere, just continue to do so. This is correct.

Author: I would like to keep it consistent and make the following changes: `You can determine the number of columns in the Form in one of the following manners:`

Reviewer 2: If this is consistent with the rest of your documentation, I have no objections.
```suggestion
The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. You can determine the number of columns in the Form in one of the following manners:
```

**Calculate the Number of Columns Automatically**         

> To enable automatic calculation of the number of columns based on the screen width, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Is it necessary to say "enable automatic calculation" here? For example, can we say the following instead?

`To automatically calculate the number of columns based on the screen width, follow these steps:`

> In this case, the Form calculates the number of columns based on the screen width. To configure this behavior, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: "In this case" adds nothing to this text.
```suggestion
To enable automatic calculation of the number of columns based on the screen width, follow these steps:
```

1. Assign *"auto"* to the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property to make the number of columns adapt to any screen size. 

1. Use the [minColWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#minColWidth) property to specify the minimum column width.

In this demo, the number of columns is calculated automatically when the check box under the Form is clear.

**Predefine the Number of Columns for Each Screen Size**       

In this case, screen sizes are classified into one of the following categories called "size qualifiers": extra small, small, medium, or large. You specify the number of columns for each size qualifier. Follow the steps below to configure this behavior:

> 1. Use the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) function to map screen widths to size qualifiers. In this demo, screens narrower than 720 pixels are classified as small; other screens are considered medium.

Reviewer 2: Can we avoid passive voice here?

```suggestion
1. Use the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) function to map screen widths to size qualifiers. This demo classifies screens narrower than 720 pixels as small and treats all other screens as medium.
```

> 1. Specify the [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCountByScreen) property to define how many columns a Form should contain depending on the available screen qualifiers. 

Reviewer 2: We are speaking of the same Form as before, am I right?

```suggestion
1. Specify the [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCountByScreen) property to define how many columns the Form should contain depending on the available screen qualifiers. 
```

> In this demo, select the check box under the Form to enable this configuration.

Reviewer 2: Does this checkbox have a name? I would rather say:
> Check the `CheckboxName` option under the Form to enable this configuration.

Author: No, it does not: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/114701744-e2410a80-9d2b-11eb-9259-04eb45e526e6.png)

Reviewer 2: A pity. Why did I ask this in the first place? Because you said "select the check box", but it's equally strange to say "check the check box". From what I gather, this option is initially disabled. I can offer you "mark" instead of "select" as a possible alternative. Like this:
```suggestion
In this demo, mark the check box under the Form to enable this configuration.
```

Author: This makes sense

> The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. To enable this feature, configure the Form as follows:

Reviewer 3: > To enable this feature, configure the Form as follows:

This gives an impression that both behaviors can coexist, which isn't true.

```suggestion
The Form component can use different layouts depending on the screen width. Click one of the buttons on the right from the demo title to switch between horizontal and vertical orientations. The number of columns in the layout can be specified in one of the following manners:
```

> **Automatically Adjust the Number of Columns**  

Reviewer 3: A list without an introductory sentence looks naked.

```suggestion
**Calculate the Number of Columns Automatically**         

In this case, the Form calculates the number of columns based on the screen width. To configure this behavior, follow these steps:

```

> 1. Assign *"auto"* to the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property to make the number of columns adapt to any screen size. 

Reviewer 3: Don't forget linebreaks to add more space between list items.

```suggestion
1. Assign *"auto"* to the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property to make the number of columns adapt to any screen size. 

```

> 1. Use the [minColWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#minColWidth) property to specify the minimum column width.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use the [minColWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#minColWidth) property to specify the minimum column width.

In this demo, the number of columns is calculated automatically when the check box under the Form is clear.
```

> **Fix the Number of Columns for Predefined Screen Sizes**       

Reviewer 3: I think it's better to explain how this works before getting into the API.

```suggestion
**Predefine the Number of Columns for Each Screen Size**       

In this case, screen sizes are classified into one of the following categories called "size qualifiers": extra small, small, medium, or large. You specify the number of columns for each size qualifier. Follow the steps below to configure this behavior:

```

> 1. Use the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) function to specify the available screen qualifications depending on the screen width. In this demo, this function returns two values. `'sm'` stands for screens narrower than 720 pixels and `'md'` for others.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Use the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) function to map screen widths to size qualifiers. In this demo, screens narrower than 720 pixels are classified as small; other screens are considered medium.

```

> 1. Specify the [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCountByScreen) property to define how many columns a Form has depending on the available screen qualifications. This property has a higher priority than the **colCount** and **minColWidth** properties.   

Reviewer 3: We already made it clear that these behaviors are mutually exclusive, so the last sentence is unnecessary.

```suggestion
1. Specify the [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Configuration/#colCountByScreen) property to define how many columns a Form should contain depending on the available screen qualifiers. 

```

> 1. Toggle the [CheckBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCheckBox/) at the bottom that modifies the **colCountByScreen** property value to see how the Form adapts to different screens. In this demo, you can see the difference on the vertical screen.

Reviewer 3: This shouldn't be part of the instruction because there wouldn't be two column calculation behaviors in real apps.

```suggestion
In this demo, select the check box under the Form to enable this configuration.
```
